Copyright: Copyright (c) 2023 by Vilten, s.r.o, All Rights Reserved.

IMPORTANT: This Vilten software is supplied to you by Vilten, s.r.o. ("Vilten") in consideration of your agreement to the following terms, and your use, installation, modification or redistribution of this Vilten software constitutes acceptance of these terms. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use, install, modify or redistribute this Vilten software.

In consideration of your agreement to abide by the following terms, and subject to these terms, Vilten grants you a personal, non-exclusive license, under Vilten's copyrights in this original Vilten software (the "Vilten Software"), to use, reproduce, modify and redistribute the Vilten Software, with or without modifications, in source and/or binary forms; provided that if you redistribute the Vilten Software in its entirety and without modifications, you must retain this notice and the following text and disclaimers in all such redistributions of the Vilten Software. Neither the name, trademarks, service marks or logos of Vilten, s.r.o. may be used to endorse or promote products derived from the Vilten Software without specific prior written permission from Vilten. Except as expressly stated in this notice, no other rights or licenses, express or implied, are granted by Vilten herein, including but not limited to any patent rights that may be infringed by your derivative works or by other works in which the Vilten Software may be incorporated.

The Vilten Software is provided by Vilten on an "AS IS" basis. VILTEN MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE VILTEN SOFTWARE OR ITS USE AND OPERATION ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH YOUR PRODUCTS.

IN NO EVENT SHALL VILTEN BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION AND/OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE VILTEN SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF VILTEN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
